fix: use the default query on adding a new tab (#3441)
graphql/graphiql: .changeset/brown-tigers-nail.md

---
"@graphiql/react": patch
"graphiql": patch
---

> fix: use the default query on adding a new tab

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fix: set query editor to `defaultQuery` while adding a new tab or GraphiQL's default query

```graphql
# Welcome to GraphiQL
#
# GraphiQL is an in-browser tool for writing, validating, and
# testing GraphQL queries.

....
```

```
